Privacy Notice for Mercedes me connect Connected Vehicle Services Effective: September 17, 2018
Introduction
When you purchased or leased your Mercedes me connect-capable vehicle, including a Mercedes- Benz or Freightliner Sprinter Van, you may have become eligible to subscribe to our connected vehicle services, which are collectively named Mercedes me connect. Mercedes me connect unlocks access to a package of innovative services, products, and lifestyle offers from Mercedes- Benz, Daimler AG, and our cooperation partners – including, but not limited to, remote access to your vehicle to start and lock/unlock your vehicle, live navigation assistance, integration of popular mobile apps and emergency services at the push of a button, remote access to your vehicle’s maintenance and status and much more.
At Mercedes-Benz, protecting your privacy is very important to us and we want you to feel comfortable using our connected vehicle services. This Privacy Notice explains our practices regarding the collection, use, and sharing of information that is collected, generated, recorded, or stored when you use our Mercedes me connect services (“Connected Vehicle Information”). If you are a California resident, please click here for an explanation of your privacy rights and how you can exercise those rights.
When you use a vehicle with Mercedes me connect convenience services and safety and security features, which include automatic collision notification and emergency call system, we and our service partners collect certain information, including geolocation information and driver behavior information, as described below. How we use your information will depend on which services you use, how you use those services, and the choices you make in your settings.
Even if you have not activated Mercedes me connect services, your vehicle may collect and transmit geolocation information and driver behavior information in a collision or potential emergency. See your vehicle’s Operator’s Manual for more information. Geolocation information may also be accessed without activation of Mercedes me connect services by third-party services providers in accordance with your agreements with them.
By purchasing or using a vehicle equipped with Mercedes me connect services, using Mercedes me connect services, subscribing to Mercedes me connect services, or creating a Mercedes me account, you consent to the practices described in this notice.
This Privacy Notice does not address the collection, use, or sharing of information regarding how you use or interact with our websites and mobile applications. Please see our website privacy statement or Mercedes me connect app privacy statement for information related to those services.
What We Collect: Driver Behavior Information: Information about how you drive your vehicle, such as vehicle speed, seat belt use, acceleration, trip duration, and braking habits; Geolocation Information: Information about the precise geographic location of your vehicle; Account Information: Information that you may provide when you subscribe to or register for Mercedes me connect, such as name, address, payment information, telephone number, or email address.
       
 Vehicle Data: Data about your vehicle, including data generated by the sensors and software in your vehicle, such as diagnostic trouble codes, maintenance conditions, engine performance, system temperatures, mileage, tire pressure, fuel level, door and window status, sensor status, climate control settings, charging status, charger type, battery status, impact data, and fuel economy. Vehicle data may include your vehicle’s VIN, Driver Behavior Information and Geolocation Information. Vehicle Data may also include voice recordings made to support voice-activated services.
 System Information: Information about how you interact with vehicle systems, including use of multimedia screens, recent service requests, and presets.
 Service-Related Information: Information related to the availability, use of, or access to services and features, including charging station information, your chosen routes, calendar entries, contact numbers, points of interest, eligibility for services, available parking spaces, information requests, traffic information, hazard information, service activation requests, credentials for multimedia services,
We may collect the above information at regular intervals while your vehicle is in use.
How We Use
We are committed to using the information we collect only in ways that are consistent with the context in which we collected the information and consistent with the choices that you make. We may use the information we collect to:
 Provide the Mercedes me connect services that you activate or request
 Communicate with you regarding your Mercedes me connect services
 Remotely diagnose your vehicle
 Provide emergency response services
 Provide navigation services and help you find destinations that you are looking for
 Confirm vehicle quality
 Help you manage your vehicle service and maintenance
 Activate remote services that you elect to receive
 Improve vehicle safety
 Develop new and better vehicles
 Improve our Mercedes me connect services and other services
 Analyze vehicle trends
 Conduct marketing, including interest-based marketing and advertising for us and on behalf
of third parties (subject to any required consents)
 Learn how you and others interact with the vehicle and its systems
 Protect our, and our affiliates’, rights or business interests
We may also use the information we collect consistent with your authorization or consent.
Geolocation Information: We may use Geolocation Information for the purposes disclosed above. In addition, some Mercedes me connect services are primarily location-based. Live Traffic, Navigation, Concierge, Car-to-X communications, Assist Services, Parked Vehicle Locator, Vehicle Tracker, Geofencing, Route Planning, Mercedes-Benz Apps, and Product Improvement services, for example, involve the collection of Geolocation Information to determine the location of your vehicle.
    
Driving Behavior Information: We may use Driving Behavior Information for the general purposes described above. In addition, some specific Mercedes me connect services may involve the collection and use of Driving Behavior Information.
Information Sharing
In order to provide you with Mercedes me connect services, we may disclose your information to:
 Emergency and roadside assistance providers (e.g., roadside assistance and 911 emergency response)
 Third-party service providers. Examples include,
o Business partners that may provide you with services (e.g., Satellite
Radio, Concierge Services)
o Your Mercedes-Benz dealer (e.g., to inform them that you have activated
the services)
o Our parent company Daimler AG and our affiliates, including but not limited to
Mercedes-Benz Financial Services, which will use the information subject to their own privacy statements, which may include maintaining and administering agreements with you or providing you with services, including financial services.
 Law enforcement, if you have requested Stolen Vehicle Location Assistance service (subject to availability)
We share information with third-party content providers to provide you with the information or services you request. For example, we may share information that does not reasonably identify you or your vehicle with third parties that provide traffic or other location-based information or services.
We may share the information we collect consistent with your authorization or consent, such as when you activate third-party services.
Please note that certain services may involve the sharing of information, including Geolocation Information and Driving Behavior Information, with authorized users of your Mercedes me connect services (e.g., household members). For example, authorized users can view Geolocation and Driving Behavior Information when Tracking Services and Vehicle Monitoring are active. Please review applicable service descriptions for more information.
Personal profiles established by your user account may be available to other users of your vehicle. To delete profiles from your vehicle, you may need to delete the profile within the Mercedes me connect Customer Portal as well as within the vehicle.
Additionally, we may also disclose your information to comply with the law; to respond to claims; to comply with legal process served on MBUSA or our affiliates (e.g., a lawful subpoena, warrant, or court order); to enforce or apply our policies or agreements (including to bill and collect payments); to protect and defend our rights or property or that of Daimler AG, our affiliates, dealers, customers, employees, visitors, or the public; in connection with a business transfer, sale, liquidation, or merger; and if we reasonably believe that an emergency involving immediate danger of death or serious physical injury to any person requires disclosure.
 
We may also provide aggregated data about our Mercedes me connected subscribers and related telematics service information to third-parties but these statistics will not include information that can reasonably identify you or your vehicle.
Geolocation Information: We may share Geolocation Information to support location-based services, such as Live Traffic, Navigation, Tracking, Concierge, Car-to-X communications, Vehicle Monitoring, Assist Services, and Product Improvement services. When you sign up for these or other services, you may receive additional information about how we share Geolocation Information in association with the specific services. Geolocation information may also be accessed by third-party services providers in accordance with your agreements with them.
Driving Behavior Information: We may share Driving Behavior Information to support the provision of services, such as Tracking Services, Vehicle Monitoring, and Product Improvement services. When you sign up for these services, you may receive additional information about how we share Driving Behavior Information in association with the specific services.
Your Choices
Opt Out of data collection
You can opt out of the collection of data via certain Mercedes me connect services by deactivating those specific services through the Mercedes me connect portal. Contact Mercedes me connect Support for additional information on how to opt out of data collection or deactivating services: 888- 628-7232 or me-connect.usa@cac.mercedes-benz.com.
Review and Update
You may request to review and update your personal information at any time by emailing myprivacy@mbusa.com.
Deletion of Data
You can delete Geolocation Information used for Parked Vehicle Locator, Vehicle Tracker, Geofencing, Last Mile Navigation, Trip Statistics, Predictive Navigation, Valet Protect and Curfew Minder and Speed Alert by deactivating the services. To deactivate certain location-based services, you may need to contact the CAC without using your vehicle’s communications features. This prevents unauthorized disabling of location services.
Security and Data Storage
We endeavor to protect the data we collect. We use commercially reasonable physical, technical, and administrative security measures designed to protect information against loss and unauthorized access or use. Please note, however, that no information system is 100% secure and we cannot guarantee the security of your information.We retain the information we collect for as long as reasonably necessary to provide services and fulfill the purposes described in this Notice, after which point such information may be deleted or de-identified.
       
Changes to this Notice
We may amend or update this Notice from time to time. In such event, we will post the revised Privacy Notice at this location. In some circumstances, we may take reasonable steps to alert vehicle owners and registered users prior to the change.
Contact Us
If you have any questions or comments about the privacy practices described in this Notice, please contact us at: myprivacy@mbusa.com
Last Updated: August 10, 2020
